that's right shake it pretty long but
imma go a little faster right now so
now the camera and the camera position
is very bad i'm not happy with it well i
just took a shower and I thought maybe I
tried doing this so it's not straight to
it gotta go see montages I have them on
my channel i think i have four or five I
don't know probably six or seven I have
no idea I'm not I made a couple call
duty montages and a lot of them are
battlefield I think I made more call
duty than battlefield yeah and Jessica
random just cause 2 video kind of weird
I had the second channel set except I
didn't put nothing on it yet it is like
four commentaries and montages but then
some stuff went bad enough and say
welcome dad but some stuff my fact my
friend had seen got bad for no reason
and then gave redeem his account and
gave him two free copies of left 4 dead
2 so it's pretty awesome he got banned
for no reason and you didn't hack or
anything then you get two free copies of
left 4 dead and you get rid of camp back
so it's pretty awesome enough steam to
do about actually think Valis
accompanied I have no idea
as you can see I did pretty well pretty
well and I actually never mind them up
and take them
it is really 17 minutes this is taking
way too long
and a lot of Palms will probably get be
cut out because is taken to arm should
have done my commentary on my drawing I
am doing live commentary so yeah takes a
while
asian
Fred didn't talk and just get get
straight to like what I want to talk
about then I could this video probably
be like 10 minutes 9 minutes long but I
like didn't say the news out right away
some some some stuffs gonna be cut out
yeah so it's not not good
yeah okay now there's dark rye and i
will stop talking and start raising
well you know this is going to be a
two-part video instead of one that makes
way more sense not sense but it's way
easier to do that instead of cutting
stuff out to taking too long for drawing
but I know except I am I didn't think
this would take this long honestly
thought I don't take a look at seven
minutes but it took my time and I'm not
a quick sketcher I don't like just get
stuff I like take my time and put some
effort into it so I won't have to be do
it cuz no reason there's no reason to
redo something cuz you sketch through
the first one right away
and never mind and we have dark rye
yes Bonnie I uses great comment and
subscribe because that's just awesome
and then I I want to show you guys my
some of my old drawings doesn't when I
was quite young gir this heat and so oh
yeah draaga and that's just a mindfuck
imam dracule mihawk from one piece and a
scorpion from my head so it's kind of it
but so right there's a dark ride and
that image reference i was using it's
right there i'll show you guys on my
screen it's right there dark ride just
googled it and so if you find this
useful just tell me all right I don't
know tell me tell me ok ok that's it
rate comment subscribe and there should
be a video tomorrow there will be a
video tomorrow i'm going to try doing
this daily and except for sundaes
sundaes and sometimes saturdays because
my friend is comes over so yeah rate
comment comment and subscribe thank you